Update Tcl doc with need-* guidance (#1658)
eggheads/eggdrop: doc/sphinx_source/using/tcl-commands.rst

channel set <name> <options...>
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

>   Description: sets options for the channel specified. The full list of possible options are given in doc/settings/mod.channels. Note: string settings such as the need-* settings must be surrounded by {}s, for example ``channel set #lamest need-op { putmsg Nickserv "op #lamest" }``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Description: sets options for the channel specified. `options` is a flat list of either +/-settings or key/value pairs. The full list of possible options are given in doc/settings/mod.channels. Note: Tcl code settings such as the need-* settings must be valid Tcl code as a single word, for example ``channel set #lamest need-op { putmsg Nickserv "op #lamest" }``
```
